{"en":"Some plays are so successful that they run for years on end. ^ ","ch":"有些剧目十分成功， 以致连续上演好几年。  "}
{"en":"In many ways,  this is unfortunate for the poor actors who are required to go on repeating the same lines night after night. ^ ","ch":"这样一来， 可怜的演员们可倒霉了。 因为他们需要一夜连着一夜地重复同样的台词。  "}
{"en":"One would expect them to know their parts by heart and never have cause to falter. ^ ","ch":"人们以为， 这些演员一定会把台词背得烂熟， 绝不会临场结巴的，  "}
{"en":"A famous actor in a highly successful play was once cast in the role of an aristocrat who had been imprisoned in the Bastille for twenty years. ^ ","ch":"有一位名演员曾在一出极为成功的剧目中扮演一个贵族角色， 这个贵族已在巴士底狱被关押了20年。  "}
{"en":"In the last act,  a gaoler would always come on to the stage with a letter which he would hand to the prisoner. ^ ","ch":"在最后一幕中， 狱卒手持一封信上场， 然后将信交给狱中那位贵族。  "}
{"en":"Even though the noble was expected to read the letter at each performance, ^ ","ch":"尽管那个贵族每场戏都得念一遍那封信。  "}
{"en":"he always insisted that it should be written out in full. ^ ","ch":"但他还是坚持要求将信的全文写在信纸上。  "}
{"en":"One night,  the gaoler decided to play a joke on his colleague to find out if, ^ ","ch":"一天晚上， 狱卒决定与他的同事开一个玩笑，  "}
{"en":"after so many performances,  he had managed to learn the contents of the letter by heart. ^ ","ch":"看看他反复演出这么多场之后， 是否已将信的内容记熟了。  "}
{"en":"The curtain went up on the final act of the play and revealed the aristocrat sitting alone behind bars in his dark cell. ^ ","ch":"大幕拉开， 最后一幕戏开演， 贵族独自一人坐在铁窗后阴暗的牢房里。  "}
{"en":"Just then,  the gaoler appeared with the precious letter in his bands. ^ ","ch":"这时狱卒上场， 手里拿着那封珍贵的信。  "}
{"en":"He entered the cell and presented the letter to the aristocrat. ^ ","ch":"狱卒走进牢房， 将信交给贵族。  "}
{"en":"But the copy he gave him had not been written out in full as usual. ^ ","ch":"但这回狱卒给贵族的信没有像往常那样把全文写全，  "}
{"en":"The gaoler looked on eagerly,  anxious to see if his fellow actor had at last learnt his lines. ^ ","ch":"狱卒热切地观察着， 急于想了解他的同事是否记熟了台词。  "}
{"en":"The noble stared at the blank sheet of paper for a few seconds. ^ ","ch":"贵族盯着纸看了几秒钟，  "}
{"en":"Then,  squinting his eyes,  he said:  'The light is dim.  Read the letter to me. '^ ","ch":"然后， 眼珠一转， 说道：“光线太暗， 请给我读一下这封信。 ” "}
{"en":"And he promptly handed the sheet of paper to the gaoler. ^ ","ch":"说完， 他一下子把信递给狱卒。  "}
{"en":"Finding that he could not remember a word of the letter either, ^ ","ch":"狱卒发现自己连一个字也记不住，  "}
{"en":"the gaoler replied:  'The light is indeed dim,  sire.  I must get my glasses. '^ ","ch":"于是便说：“陛下， 这儿光线的确太暗了， 我得去把眼镜拿来。 ” "}
{"en":"the gaoler returned a few moments later with a pair of glasses and the usual copy of the letter which he proceeded to read to the prisoner. ^ ","ch":"一会儿工夫， 狱卒重新登台， 拿来一副眼镜以及平时使用的那封信， 然后为那囚犯念了起来。  "}